Added inputs varsub & validation, and --input flag (#106)
iver-wharf/wharf-cmd: CHANGELOG.md

- Added support for `.gitignore` ignored files and directories when transferring
  repo in `wharf run`. Can be disabled via new `--no-gitignore` flag. (#85)

> - Added input variables support, and with `--input, -i` flag to `wharf run` and
>   `wharf vars` commands that allows setting values, ex: (#97)

Reviewer: nit: Nice if it was a bit more descriptive.

Something like:
```suggestion
- Added input variables support using the `inputs` field in `.wharf-ci.yml`
  files, and the `--input, -i` flag to `wharf run` and `wharf vars` commands
  through the CLI, ex: (#97)
```
maybe?

  ```sh
  wharf run --input myInputVar=myValue

>   ```

Reviewer: nit: Would be nice if there was an example with multiple input variables. Probably no need for a single value example in that case.

Is it
`--input myInputVar1=myValue1,myInputVar2=myValue2`
or
`--input myInputVar1=myValue1 --input myInputVar2=myValue2`?

And what happens with duplicate keys?

Better place for usage specifics would probably be in docs or something, but at least having >1 values in the example would be nice.

Author: On duplicated values the latter will override the former, which IMO is expected.

Good idea with the multiples examples though!

```suggestion
  ```sh
  wharf run --input myInputVar=myValue
  # => [ "myInputVar": "myValue" ]

  # Supports multiple:
  wharf run --input var1=value1 --input var2=value2
  # => [ "var1": "value1", "var2": "value2" ]

  # On collisions, the last value is used:
  wharf run --input myVar=foo --input myVar=bar
  # => [ "myVar": "bar" ]
  ```
```

Author: How about now?
